# Store

The store file is supposed to be the only file used by mark. It is
used to store the actual data as well as all available and future options.

## Language

The store file is separated in different blocks. 
It is always terminated by "#end#".

### Block

+ A Block starts with its name in hashes.
+ Followed by the content of the block.
+ The end of the Block is reached if a new # is found.

Known Blocks are:

+ #store# : block to store the actual data
+ #colors# : block to assign colors to mark signs

Example:
```
#block#
foo
bar
#otherblock# | #end#
```

### Block content

The notation of a blocks content is block specific.

#### store content

The store block contains the actual mark data.
It stores mark bundles representing one year.

A mark bundle starts with the year its representing followed by a colon and a line break.
This is followed by 12 lines starting with their number [1-12], a colon and
31 characters representing the (marked) days.
Every other character then '?' is interpreted as a mark. 

**! WARNING !**
Because not every month has 31 days you can produce not correct results if you
set your marks manually. But if you use mark to set your marks fore you this 
should not happen.

#### colors content

Every line of the color block is one pair of sign and color separated
only by a colon.

## Location

The path to the store file is stored in the environment variable `$__mark_store`.


## Example:
This is a store generated by the `__mark_new_store` function.


```
#colors#
#store#
2016:
1:???????????????????????????????
2:???????????????????????????????
3:???????????????????????????????
4:???????????????????????????????
5:???????????????????????????????
6:???????????????????????????????
7:???????????????????????????????
8:???????????????????????????????
9:???????????????????????????????
10:???????????????????????????????
11:???????????????????????????????
12:???????????????????????????????
#end#
```
